feat(UPM-13823): Add customer facing documentation (#3434)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/biganimal/release/using_cluster/05_monitoring_and_logging/custom_monitoring/index.mdx

---
title: "Custom Monitoring"
---

BigAnimal has the ability to expose metrics and logs. To enable this on your cluster:

TBC - will need input from UI team

## Metrics

> If you are using `customer metrics` you will be able to access metrics in a prometheus format. We have provided some [example metrics](/biganimal/latest/using_cluster/05_monitoring_and_logging/metrics/#cnp_pg_replication) to help get you started.

Reviewer: I think you meant to link to the child example metrics topic, correct?
```suggestion
If you are using `customer metrics` you will be able to access metrics in a prometheus format. We have provided some [example metrics](/biganimal/latest/using_cluster/05_monitoring_and_logging/custom_monitoring/example_metrics/) to help get you started.
```

Author: Yep, I have merged your suggestion
